[16.0][ADD] product_set (#1384)
OCA/product-attribute: product_set/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

A **product set** is a list of products which are usually used together.

> This module aims to help adding several products quickly to sale order lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module aims to help defining several products under a name, for later
being added in a quick way into other document.
```

A **product set** is a list of products which end customers aren't aware, this
list is defined by sales manager.

> This module aims to help salesman to quickly create several sale order lines

Reviewer: Adapt this description for being more general.

Author: Changed, but every improvement highly welcome.
